Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 4 (#5558)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/tools/wazuh-logtest.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: wazuh-logtest tool allows the testing and verification of rules against provided log examples inside a sandbox. Learn more about it in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Test and verify rules providing log examples in a sandbox using the wazuh-logtest tool. Learn more about it in this section.
```
